H2: Set collation (#1502)
cap-js/docs: java/cqn-services/persistence-services.md

### H2 Database

[H2](https://www.h2database.com/html/main.html) is the recommended in-memory databases for local development and testing with CAP Java. There's no production support for H2 from CAP and there are the following limitations:

> 1. H2 only supports database-level collation. The default sort order is by ASCII-code, for dictionary order set a [collation](https://www.h2database.com/html/commands.html#set_collation).

Reviewer: I think we should document in the H2 config section https://pages.github.tools.sap/cap/docs/java/cqn-services/persistence-services#h2

how to configure this URL in the _application.json_

Author: Something like
```yaml
---
spring:
  config.activate.on-profile: local
  datasource:
    url: jdbc:h2:./test;COLLATION='ENGLISH'
```
or add `SET COLLATION ENGLISH` to the schema.sql

Reviewer: > or add SET COLLATION ENGLISH to the schema.sql

This could be done by the CDS Compiler :-). Might be a quick win.

> 1. H2 only supports database-level collation. The default sort order is by ASCII-code, for dictionary order set a [collation](https://www.h2database.com/html/commands.html#set_collation).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. H2 only supports database-level collation and the default sort order is by ASCII-code. You can set a [collation](https://www.h2database.com/html/commands.html#set_collation) to sort using dictionary order instead.
```
